hi everyone I'm making this video
because someone on an tech forums was
wondering if a 600 megahertz spinning
three would be enough to reasonably
watch youtube videos what I have here is
a 800 megahertz copper mine Pentium 3
which is going to be you know probably
about 30 percent faster than the 600
megahertz Katmai with 512 Meg's ram and
a g-force 2 video card and we're gonna
start off by trying to watch a 240p
YouTube video windowed and this is that
a screen resolution is 720p so let's see
how this goes
so the CPU usage is around 90%
sometimes spiking up to about close to a
hundred but it doesn't seem like we're
dropping that many frames now let's try
going fullscreen yeah now we're
definitely dropping some frames but it's
hard to tell because the video quality
so bad in the first place
it looks like I should usage was similar
now let's try a video in 360p windowed
now we're spiking at 100% CPU usage
doesn't look like we're dropping too
many fans but we got dropping frames and
I have the feeling if I go fullscreen
now we're down to a pretty low framerate
and CPU should just still haven't heard
something let's see if we can find a
480p video I know I'm picking all the
YouTube means here
of course we have to watch ahead so
basically cliffnotes seems to be that
you'll be able to watch 240p in windowed
mode and probably not much more than
that if you don't enjoy watching lots of
stuttering and this is about like three
frames per second sometimes wow this
might not be PG anymore alright finally
got there yeah it's dropping frames like
crazy just I'm 360 P so I'm not gonna
bother going up to 480p I think those
other videos even though they were 360p
they were actually a lower bitrate so
this is pretty miserable
let's go fullscreen just to see what
happens
Oh
it's basically like a PowerPoint
slideshow so that's what you want then
go ahead and watch YouTube on a 600
megahertz been in 3 hope this video
helped